README.md, before:

# Signet Bookmarks

Sublime Text plugin for enhanced bookmarks. `Bookmark` and `Mark` are already well used so
this is `signet` from the French:
> "Petit ruban ou filet qu'on insère entre les feuillets d'un livre pour marquer l'endroit que l'on veut retrouver."

Built for ST4 on Windows. Linux and OSX should be ok but are minimally tested - PRs welcome.


## Features

- Persisted per project to `...\Packages\User\SignetBookmarks\SignetBookmarks.store`.
- Next/previous traverses just the current file or all files in project.


## Commands and Menus

| Command                    | Description                   | Args                 |
| :--------                  | :-------                      | :--------            |
| sbot_toggle_signet         | Toggle signet at row          |                      |
| sbot_goto_signet           | Goto next/previous signet     | where: next OR prev  |
| sbot_clear_all_signets     | Clear all signets in project  |                      |


There is no default `Context.sublime-menu` file in this plugin.
Add the commands you like to your own `User\Context.sublime-menu` file. Typical entries are:
``` json
{ "caption": "Signet",
    "children":
    [
        { "caption": "Toggle Signet", "command": "sbot_toggle_signet" },
        { "caption": "Next Signet", "command": "sbot_goto_signet", "args": { "where": "next" } },
        { "caption": "Previous Signet", "command": "sbot_goto_signet", "args": { "where": "prev" } },
        { "caption": "Clear All Signets", "command": "sbot_clear_all_signets" }
    ]
}
```

Or they could go in your `User\Main.sublime-menu` file under `Goto`.

``` json
{
    "id": "goto",
    "children":
    [
        {
            "id": "signets",
            "caption": "Signets",
            "children":
            [
                { "caption": "Toggle Signet", "command": "sbot_toggle_signet" },
                { "caption": "Next Signet", "command": "sbot_goto_signet", "args": { "where": "next" } },
                { "caption": "Previous Signet", "command": "sbot_goto_signet", "args": { "where": "prev" } },
                { "caption": "Clear Signets", "command": "sbot_clear_signets" },
            ]
        },
    ]
}
```    

You may find it useful to replace the builtin bookmark key bindings with the new ones
because you shouldn't need both. In `User\Default (Windows or Linux).sublime-keymap` file:

``` json
{ "keys": ["ctrl+f2"], "command": "sbot_toggle_signet" },
{ "keys": ["f2"], "command": "sbot_goto_signet", "args": { "where": "next" } },
{ "keys": ["shift+f2"], "command": "sbot_goto_signet", "args": { "where": "prev" } },
{ "keys": ["ctrl+shift+f2"], "command": "sbot_clear_signets" },
```


## Settings
| Setting       | Description                 | Options                                              |
| :--------     | :-------                    | :------                                              |
| scope         | Scope name for gutter icon  |                                                      |
| nav_all_files | Traverse extent             | true=all project files OR false=just current file    |

## Notes

- `sbot_common.py` contains miscellaneous common components primarily for internal use by the sbot family.
  This includes a very simple logger primarily for user-facing information, syntax errors and the like.
  Log file is in $APPDATA\Sublime Text\Packages\User\SignetBookmarks\SignetBookmarks.log.

Commit message:

Gutter scope defaults to region.redish.

README.md, after:

# Signet Bookmarks

Sublime Text plugin for enhanced bookmarks. `Bookmark` and `Mark` are already well used so
this is `signet` from the French:
> "Petit ruban ou filet qu'on insère entre les feuillets d'un livre pour marquer l'endroit que l'on veut retrouver."

Built for ST4 on Windows. Linux and OSX should be ok but are minimally tested - PRs welcome.


## Features

- Persisted per project to `...\Packages\User\SignetBookmarks\SignetBookmarks.store`.
- Next/previous traverses just the current file or all files in project.


## Commands and Menus

| Command                    | Description                   | Args                 |
| :--------                  | :-------                      | :--------            |
| sbot_toggle_signet         | Toggle signet at row          |                      |
| sbot_goto_signet           | Goto next/previous signet     | where: next OR prev  |
| sbot_clear_all_signets     | Clear all signets in project  |                      |


There is no default `Context.sublime-menu` file in this plugin.
Add the commands you like to your own `User\Context.sublime-menu` file. Typical entries are:
``` json
{ "caption": "Signet",
    "children":
    [
        { "caption": "Toggle Signet", "command": "sbot_toggle_signet" },
        { "caption": "Next Signet", "command": "sbot_goto_signet", "args": { "where": "next" } },
        { "caption": "Previous Signet", "command": "sbot_goto_signet", "args": { "where": "prev" } },
        { "caption": "Clear All Signets", "command": "sbot_clear_all_signets" }
    ]
}
```

Or they could go in your `User\Main.sublime-menu` file under `Goto`.

``` json
{
    "id": "goto",
    "children":
    [
        {
            "id": "signets",
            "caption": "Signets",
            "children":
            [
                { "caption": "Toggle Signet", "command": "sbot_toggle_signet" },
                { "caption": "Next Signet", "command": "sbot_goto_signet", "args": { "where": "next" } },
                { "caption": "Previous Signet", "command": "sbot_goto_signet", "args": { "where": "prev" } },
                { "caption": "Clear Signets", "command": "sbot_clear_signets" },
            ]
        },
    ]
}
```    

You may find it useful to replace the builtin bookmark key bindings with the new ones
because you shouldn't need both. In `User\Default (Windows or Linux).sublime-keymap` file:

``` json
{ "keys": ["ctrl+f2"], "command": "sbot_toggle_signet" },
{ "keys": ["f2"], "command": "sbot_goto_signet", "args": { "where": "next" } },
{ "keys": ["shift+f2"], "command": "sbot_goto_signet", "args": { "where": "prev" } },
{ "keys": ["ctrl+shift+f2"], "command": "sbot_clear_signets" },
```


## Settings
| Setting       | Description                 | Options                                              |
| :--------     | :-------                    | :------                                              |
| scope         | Scope name for gutter icon  | any valid - default is region.redish                 |
| nav_all_files | Traverse extent             | true=all project files OR false=just current file    |

## Notes

- `sbot_common.py` contains miscellaneous common components primarily for internal use by the sbot family.
  This includes a very simple logger primarily for user-facing information, syntax errors and the like.
  Log file is in `$APPDATA\Sublime Text\Packages\User\SignetBookmarks\SignetBookmarks.log`.
